There is a computer in my home, and my father and I share it.
My father is a manager of a company, so he often talks to his customers on the computer.
He also goes on the internet to check the times of trains, make travel plans, and buy tickets.
I listen to music or watch movies on it every Friday night. Jack.
There is no computer in my home. I can only use it at school.
On the internet, I search for information, do my homework, and check my email.
I have a friend in Australia. I can see her and talk to her on the internet. Alice.
We have a computer at home. My parents don't use it. I can use it on Sundays.
I send email to my friends and play computer games.
But sometimes I play a lot of games, and my mother doesn't like it. Mike.